To build the MDSPLUS PHP extension you should perform the following steps.

The build.sh script can be used to build and install the MDSplus php extension.
If you have a recent php-devel package installed it should contain a php-config
utility which can be used to locate the php include files necessary and the
directory where php extensions should be installed. If not, you may need to
edit the build.sh script to reflect the location of various php related directories
on your system. There are also some definitions of where to find the MDSplus includes
and libraries in this script. If you MDSplus installation is non-standard then you
may need to edit the script and change these definitions.

If there is no php-devel package available for your platform you may need to follow
the instructions below:

1) Download the source distribution for PHP. (This extension has only been tested
on PHP Version 4.3.7 on RHE Linux.)

2) Create an mdsplus subdirectory in the ext directory of the PHP source kit.

3) Copy the files in the mdsplus/php directory to this new mdsplus directory.

4) Configure the PHP build 
    In the top of the PHP source directory tree run the configure script using
    ./configure --with-mdsplus=/usr/local/mdsplus (or the directory where you
          have mdsplus installed)
    Note: You may want to use additional configure options to build additional
          modules as needed or to add the new php into your apache server.

5) Build and install php
    make
    make install

6) Try out the MDSplus php interface

   php < PHP_SOURCE_DIR/ext/mdsplus/sample.php

If you want to just build a loadable module for php you can do the following:

    cd PHP_SOURCE_DIR/ext/mdsplus
    ./build.sh

This should produce a mdsplus.so loadable module. You would use the dl()
function to load this module. Note the location that the dl() function uses
to find loadable modules is set in the php.ini configuration file. This may,
by default, be set to "./" which would require the module to be located
in the same directory as the php script being executed.
